SRVCOM-1373: Add CR sections for serverless components (#35924)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/knative-serving-CR-system-deployments.adoc

[id="knative-serving-CR-system-deployments_{context}"]
= Overriding system deployment configurations

You can override the default configurations for some specific deployments by modifying the `deployments` spec in the `KnativeServing` custom resource (CR).

> Currently, overriding default configuration settings for the `replicas`, `labels`, `annotations`, and `nodeSelector` fields are supported.

Reviewer: Could say: "You can overide default configuration settings for the `replicas`, `labels`, `annotations`, and `nodeSelector` fields."

Author: I think since the previous line starts with "You can override..." it reads oddly to have this twice, so I'll leave it as is.

> The following `KnativeServing` CR example overrides the `webhook` deployment so that:

Reviewer: Scans a little strangely to me, but could just be me. 

Might try:

"In the following example, a `KnativeServing` CR overrides the `webhook` deployment so that:"

* The deployment has 3 replicas.

> * The label is set to `example-label: label`.
> * The annotation is set to `example-annotation: annotation`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The label `example-label: label` is added.
* The annotation `example-annotation: annotation` is added.
```

> * The `nodeSelector` field is set to use the `hdd` disk type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The `nodeSelector` field is set to select nodes with the `disktype: hdd` label.
```
